remove scripts from oeo repo (#1686)
OpenEnergyPlatform/ontology: CHANGELOG.md

- oeo.omn imports (#1649)

### Removed

> - all scripts removed from repo. New repo is https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/oeo-tools (#1686)

Author: ```suggestion
- import and annotation scripts removed from repo. New repo is https://github.com/OpenEnergyPlatform/oeo-tools (#1686)
```
